
Description:
CharityML is a fictitious charity organization located in the heart of Silicon Valley that was established to provide financial support
for people eager to learn machine learning. After nearly 32,000 letters were sent to people in the community, CharityML determined that
every donation they received came from someone that was making more than $50,000 annually. To expand their potential donor base, CharityML
has decided to send letters to residents of California, but to only those most likely to donate to the charity. With nearly 15 million 
working Californians, CharityML has brought you on board to help build an algorithm to best identify potential donors and reduce overhead
cost of sending mail. Your goal will be evaluate and optimize several different supervised learners to determine which algorithm will
provide the highest donation yield while also reducing the total number of letters being sent.


Software and Libraries:
Python
NumPy
pandas
scikit-learn (v0.17)
Matplotlib


You will also need to have software installed to run and execute a Jupyter Notebook.

If you do not have Python installed yet, it is highly recommended that you install the Anaconda distribution of Python, which already has the above packages and more included.



In this project, you will employ several supervised algorithms of your choice to accurately model individuals' income using data collected
from the 1994 U.S. Census. You will then choose the best candidate algorithm from preliminary results and further optimize this algorithm 
to best model the data. Your goal with this implementation is to construct a model that accurately predicts whether an individual makes more
than $50,000. This sort of task can arise in a non-profit setting, where organizations survive on donations. Understanding an individual's
income can help a non-profit better understand how large of a donation to request, or whether or not they should reach out to begin with.
While it can be difficult to determine an individual's general income bracket directly from public sources, we can (as we will see) infer
this value from other publically available features.
